Update docs form validation example to demonstrate best-practise when submitting a form in an invalid state (#834)
primer/brand: apps/docs/content/components/FormControl.mdx

The following example demonstrates declarative form validation in [controlled mode](https://reactjs.org/docs/forms.html#controlled-components).

> Note that, when submitting the form with an invalid value, the invalid input will receive focus to help the user correct the error. This is especially important for users navigating the form using a screen reader.

Reviewer: Suggestion for using active voice...

```suggestion
When the form is submitted with an invalid value, the invalid input receives focus to help the user correct the error. This is especially important for users navigating the form using a screen reader.
```
